Clarify Zeek docs, including description of reference shaper config (#2782)
brimdata/zed: zeek/Data-Type-Compatibility.md

[Zeek TSV log format](https://docs.zeek.org/en/master/log-formats.html#zeek-tsv-format-logs),
the rich Zed storage formats ([ZSON](../docs/formats/zson.md),
[ZNG](../docs/formats/zng.md), etc.) maintain comprehensive interoperability

> with Zeek. When Zeek is configured to output its logs in JSON or
> NDJSON formats, much of the rich type information is lost in translation, but

Reviewer: Zeek can emit NDJSON but not JSON.
```suggestion
with Zeek. When Zeek is configured to output its logs in
NDJSON format, much of the rich type information is lost in translation, but
```

Author: @nwt: Yeah, fair point. My use of "JSON" was a hold-over from an attempt to write in the wording that Zeek's docs use to describe itself (i.e. the option in their ASCII logger is called `use_json`, not `use_ndjson`), and at one time when I wrote docs I sometimes chose presumed audience familiarity over technical purity. However, given the direction things are headed, your proposed purity sounds better.

> this can be restored by following the guidance for [Shaping Zeek NDJSON](Shaping-Zeek-NDJSON.md).

Reviewer: I think it looks better with "shaping" uncapitalized since "shaping Zeek NDJSON" isn't used as a title here.
```suggestion
this can be restored by following the guidance for [shaping Zeek NDJSON](Shaping-Zeek-NDJSON.md).
```
